# VmError

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | ID of the virtual machine error | [readonly] 
**HostId** | **int32** | ID of the host | [readonly] 
**Message** | **string** | Message of error | [readonly] 
**Arguments** | **[]string** | Arguments generated by the systems | [readonly] 
**Solved** | **int32** | Status of the error | [readonly] 
**CreatedAt** | **int32** | Unix timestamp | [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewVmError

`func NewVmError(id string, hostId int32, message string, arguments []string, solved int32, createdAt int32, ) *VmError`

NewVmError instantiates a new VmError object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewVmErrorWithDefaults

`func NewVmErrorWithDefaults() *VmError`

NewVmErrorWithDefaults instantiates a new VmError object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *VmError) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *VmError) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *VmError) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetHostId

`func (o *VmError) GetHostId() int32`

GetHostId returns the HostId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostIdOk

`func (o *VmError) GetHostIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetHostIdOk returns a tuple with the HostId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostId

`func (o *VmError) SetHostId(v int32)`

SetHostId sets HostId field to given value.


### GetMessage

`func (o *VmError) GetMessage() string`

GetMessage returns the Message field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMessageOk

`func (o *VmError) GetMessageOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMessageOk returns a tuple with the Message field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMessage

`func (o *VmError) SetMessage(v string)`

SetMessage sets Message field to given value.


### GetArguments

`func (o *VmError) GetArguments() []string`

GetArguments returns the Arguments field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetArgumentsOk

`func (o *VmError) GetArgumentsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetArgumentsOk returns a tuple with the Arguments field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetArguments

`func (o *VmError) SetArguments(v []string)`

SetArguments sets Arguments field to given value.


### GetSolved

`func (o *VmError) GetSolved() int32`

GetSolved returns the Solved field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSolvedOk

`func (o *VmError) GetSolvedOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSolvedOk returns a tuple with the Solved field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSolved

`func (o *VmError) SetSolved(v int32)`

SetSolved sets Solved field to given value.


### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *VmError) GetCreatedAt() int32`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *VmError) GetCreatedAtOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *VmError) SetCreatedAt(v int32)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


