# VmUptime

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CloudInstanceId** | **int32** | ID of the VM | [readonly] 
**ProviderInstanceId** | **string** | The virtual machine ID generated by the cloud provider | [readonly] 
**ProviderId** | **int32** | Cloud provider ID | [readonly] 
**HostId** | **int32** | The ID of this host | [readonly] 
**InstanceType** | **string** | The name of the instance type | [readonly] 
**DcLocationId** | **int32** | Datacenter location ID. Points to one of [&#x60;GET /v3/cloud/dcLocation&#x60;](game-publisher#/Cloud/get_v3_cloud_dcLocation) | [readonly] 
**StartTime** | **int32** | Unix timestamp of when the VM was created | [readonly] 
**StopTime** | **int32** | Unix timestamp of when the VM was destroyed | [readonly] 
**UpTime** | **int32** | Uptime in seconds. For a running VM | [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewVmUptime

`func NewVmUptime(cloudInstanceId int32, providerInstanceId string, providerId int32, hostId int32, instanceType string, dcLocationId int32, startTime int32, stopTime int32, upTime int32, ) *VmUptime`

NewVmUptime instantiates a new VmUptime object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewVmUptimeWithDefaults

`func NewVmUptimeWithDefaults() *VmUptime`

NewVmUptimeWithDefaults instantiates a new VmUptime object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCloudInstanceId

`func (o *VmUptime) GetCloudInstanceId() int32`

GetCloudInstanceId returns the CloudInstanceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCloudInstanceIdOk

`func (o *VmUptime) GetCloudInstanceIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCloudInstanceIdOk returns a tuple with the CloudInstanceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCloudInstanceId

`func (o *VmUptime) SetCloudInstanceId(v int32)`

SetCloudInstanceId sets CloudInstanceId field to given value.


### GetProviderInstanceId

`func (o *VmUptime) GetProviderInstanceId() string`

GetProviderInstanceId returns the ProviderInstanceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProviderInstanceIdOk

`func (o *VmUptime) GetProviderInstanceIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProviderInstanceIdOk returns a tuple with the ProviderInstanceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProviderInstanceId

`func (o *VmUptime) SetProviderInstanceId(v string)`

SetProviderInstanceId sets ProviderInstanceId field to given value.


### GetProviderId

`func (o *VmUptime) GetProviderId() int32`

GetProviderId returns the ProviderId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProviderIdOk

`func (o *VmUptime) GetProviderIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetProviderIdOk returns a tuple with the ProviderId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProviderId

`func (o *VmUptime) SetProviderId(v int32)`

SetProviderId sets ProviderId field to given value.


### GetHostId

`func (o *VmUptime) GetHostId() int32`

GetHostId returns the HostId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostIdOk

`func (o *VmUptime) GetHostIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetHostIdOk returns a tuple with the HostId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostId

`func (o *VmUptime) SetHostId(v int32)`

SetHostId sets HostId field to given value.


### GetInstanceType

`func (o *VmUptime) GetInstanceType() string`

GetInstanceType returns the InstanceType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInstanceTypeOk

`func (o *VmUptime) GetInstanceTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInstanceTypeOk returns a tuple with the InstanceType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInstanceType

`func (o *VmUptime) SetInstanceType(v string)`

SetInstanceType sets InstanceType field to given value.


### GetDcLocationId

`func (o *VmUptime) GetDcLocationId() int32`

GetDcLocationId returns the DcLocationId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDcLocationIdOk

`func (o *VmUptime) GetDcLocationIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDcLocationIdOk returns a tuple with the DcLocationId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDcLocationId

`func (o *VmUptime) SetDcLocationId(v int32)`

SetDcLocationId sets DcLocationId field to given value.


### GetStartTime

`func (o *VmUptime) GetStartTime() int32`

GetStartTime returns the StartTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStartTimeOk

`func (o *VmUptime) GetStartTimeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetStartTimeOk returns a tuple with the StartTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStartTime

`func (o *VmUptime) SetStartTime(v int32)`

SetStartTime sets StartTime field to given value.


### GetStopTime

`func (o *VmUptime) GetStopTime() int32`

GetStopTime returns the StopTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStopTimeOk

`func (o *VmUptime) GetStopTimeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetStopTimeOk returns a tuple with the StopTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStopTime

`func (o *VmUptime) SetStopTime(v int32)`

SetStopTime sets StopTime field to given value.


### GetUpTime

`func (o *VmUptime) GetUpTime() int32`

GetUpTime returns the UpTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpTimeOk

`func (o *VmUptime) GetUpTimeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUpTimeOk returns a tuple with the UpTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpTime

`func (o *VmUptime) SetUpTime(v int32)`

SetUpTime sets UpTime field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


